Fix NCMB.jar v4.0.1 (#119)
NIFCLOUD-mbaas/monaca_push_plugin: README.md

 - iOS/Android Support OS version:
    - iOS: see [iOS SDK](https://github.com/NIFCLOUD-mbaas/ncmb_ios) Specifications.
    - Android: see [Android SDK](https://github.com/NIFCLOUD-mbaas/ncmb_android) Specifications.

>         - Android 11 is not supported because it does not support Cordova 10.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Android 11 is excluded because it is not supported by Cordova 10.0 (2021/6 updated)
```

Author: こちら修正しましたのでご確認ください。
